# World Data Commission (WDC)

A non-government, non-profit organization who’s main objective is to build and maintain a free access repository of true data. That is, a repository containing all of the most critical information humans need to make geopolitical decisions and report accurately on current events.

## Why should we make the World Data Commission?

One of the biggest challenges in an information age, where data is so accessible, is knowing which sources you can trust. What we need is a global data authenticator: an organization which relies on mathematics to prove that data collected is indeed true, or, at the very least, in the absence of such technology, a platform where all parties that deem their data to be the truth can register their findings against what other groups deem true. 

Let’s take, for example, the conflict that is, as of May 2024, occurring in Gaza. In an ideal world, the WDC would have a set of practices and methods to guarantee the validity of of death tolls in Gaza. As a first step towards that future, we need, at the very least, a platform where all sources debating these death tolls can register their findings and methods against one another, such that reporters, governments, and people in general have access to the information they need to form well reasoned opinions and make informed decisions.  

## Objectives

The commission’s primary objectives are:

1. Research and Develop
    1. Methods for detecting manufactured information in existing data.
    2. Methods for collecting data in such a way that the process can be audited by any 3rd party.  
    3. Incentive structures which allow for verifiable data reports generated by any 3rd party. 
2. Set and Maintain Standards
    1. One primary objective is to create a set of standards for data collection and analysis which set a president for how all truth seeking people can form consensus on the validity of raw data and the subsequent conclusions drawn. 
3. Build a Platform and Repository for Truthful Data
    1. The platform …